Version: 1.0
Features:

This Plugin allows your players to be promoted when they enter a codeword in the chat.

You can hide a codeword in your server's rules and have the players enter the codeword in the chat in order to be promoted.
Installation:

    Place WordRankUp.jar in the /plugins folder of your server.
    Customize config.
    Enjoy! 

Configuration:

    The plugin will create a config.yml in which you can customize the codeword(s).
    This is what a new config looks like: 

language:
  success: You are now a
  successChat: I am now a
password24571350:
  group: member
  name: registered player

    You can change what codeword the players have to enter in the chat, to be promoted. (Here: password24571350, the numbers are diffrent in every config for security reasons)
    The group option defines, which group the player will be assigned to when ranking up (here: member).
    The name option defines the name of the group, this is just for the message the player will get when ranking up.
    You are also able to change several language options.
    You can add as many codewords as you like, as long as you follow this template and it is a single word. (No spaces and special characters) 

Permissions:

Supports PermissionsEX (PEX)

    wordrankup.<codeword>
        Allows the user to rank up via the specified codeword.
        e.g. wordrankup.password24571350 allows the user to rank up with the codeword 'password24571350'. 

Commands:

None - The codeword is automatically detected in the chat, caseinsensitive.

Expample:

Password: bubble
User says 'bubble' -> gets promoted
User says 'BuBBle' -> gets promoted
User says 'bubbles' -> does not get promoted
User says 'a bubble' -> does not get promoted

The plugin will try to change the message the player send to 'I am now a <group name>' after he successfully entered the codeword, this does not work on every server.
Downloads:

    Download
    German Localization
    Source 

Changelog:

    Version 1.0:
        Initial Release 

Donate:

    PayPal (EUR)
    PayPal (USD)